### Build a good test-set ###

When you do changes in your edi environment, you want to know that every 'ran as before'. What can be helpful for this is to use a [isolated acceptance test](DeploymentAcceptance.md) for this.

<br>
This is easy to demonstrate:<br>
<ul><li>Download a plugin from <a href='http://sourceforge.net/projects/bots/files/plugins/'>bots sourceforge site</a> and install it (not on your production environment;-))<br>
</li><li>In <i>config/bots.ini</i> set 'runacceptancetest' to True<br>
</li><li>Run bots-engine via command-line</li></ul>

<br>
How this works: in acceptance tests an extra script <i>usersys/routescripts/bots_acceptancetest.py</i> runs when all routes are finished. This script does 2 things:<br>
<ul><li>It compares the results (#files received, errors, send, etc) with the expected results. If results are different you'll see this (on command-line window).<br>
</li><li>The files in <i>botssys/infile/outfile</i> are compared with files as generated by the run in <i>botssys/outfile</i>.  If results are different you'll see this (on command-line window).</li></ul>

<br>
Some things to look at when you build a test-set:<br>
<ul><li>Use the 'acceptance test path' in the channels to point to your file system for incoming and outgoing channels (prevents using communication methods like pop3, ftp, etc).<br>
</li><li>Test file in <i>botssys/infile</i> are added to plugins (I find this very convenient).<br>
</li><li>Counters (for message numbers, file names etc (via unique()) are the same in every run, so results are the same every run.<br>
</li><li>If date/times need to made, use transform.strftime() for this; it is like pythons time.strftime() but gives always the same date/time in acceptance testing.